joining me now is Wayne Darby with
something that's beautiful it's a Mopar
folks it's a Mopar can you tell me a
little bit about it
it's a 71 Plymouth GTX I bought it about
six years ago and I really had no idea
how rare it was until after I bought it
and found out they only made two
thousand of them in 1971 and I've only
ever seen one in six years that's how
rare they are one other one why this car
i I fell in love with it I saw it at Old
Town and I just had to have it tell us a
little bit about the motor it's a
numbers-matching block but it's been
hopped up by the previous owner with a
high lift cam high performance aluminum
heads it's putting out about 430
horsepower right now so basically you've
kept it original the whole time
everything but the top of the engine is
original Wow yeah that is and that's
what I like about it now as far as the
interior did it come this way if you
don't think the interior know the
interior is beautiful not a scratch not
a Knick not a tear it's its original now
as far as this car what can you were
talking about it being a rare car what
is it like as far as owning a real car
like this when you're driving down the
road or you're going to a store or
somewhere like this what how do you
handle this a little different from a
normal daily car well I normally don't
drive at the store you don't drive the
stores I can go like coming up here on
95 people are given the high five you
know they're waving there they recognize
the car for what it is now you are
talking about the power you were coming
down here you had to pass somebody well
you tell me about that look that stuck
behind us in lab we're doing about 75
and I had to go around them and I just
hit the gas a little bit the next thing
I know I'm doing almost 100 and I
couldn't it's just the power in these
old cars just amazing nothing that's
amazing and that's the thing that the
feel you get from this car it's just
incredible isn't it Oh at a light it's a
real muscle car at a light it shakes
it's loud it has a hell of a lot of
power it's just it's a real muscle car I
love driving and this is what I mean
when you talk about rarity this is what
everybody's wanting not everybody's
Mopar crazy aren't they yeah the Mopars
are coming back at the auctions they're
like number one two and three subjects
that the auctions again now everybody
wants it it's just a beautiful car
the the handling of it that's got to be
something that that you've got to really
appreciate am I correct
yeah yeah it's and I had the oldest
suspension redone when I bought it it's
nice and tight and solid and it's it's
really nice on the road really nice to
live to pay and handles the power very
well so basically it's obviously and I
don't blame you on this is not a daily
drive car yeah you showed a lot of shows
yeah yeah I go to all the big shows and
like I said I it actually took first
place in November at the big the biggest
show in the Mopar show in Florida took
first place on Saturday
well congratulations doesn't awesome and
that's and that's the nice thing it's a
great car to a great Florida car I
appreciate you taking the time to show
us and its really incredible I'm glad
you're here today thank you thanks for
the time